Network security controls (NSCs), such as firewalls and other network security technologies, are network policy enforcement points that typically control network traffic between two or more logical or physical network segments (or subnets) based on pre-defined policies or rules.  
NSCs examine all network traffic entering (ingress) and leaving (egress) a segment and decide, based on the policies defined, whether the network traffic is allowed to pass or whether it should be rejected. Typically, NSCs are placed between environments with different security needs or levels of trust, however in some environments NSCs control the traffic to individual devices irrespective of trust boundaries. Policy enforcement generally occurs at layer 3 of the OSI model, but data present in higher layers is also frequently used to determine policy decisions.  
Traditionally this function has been provided by physical firewalls; however, now this functionality may be provided by virtual devices, cloud access controls, virtualization/container systems, and other software-defined networking technology.  
NSCs are used to control traffic within an entity’s own networks—for example, between highly sensitive and less sensitive areas—and also to protect the entity’s resources from exposure to untrusted networks. The cardholder data environment (CDE) is an example of a more sensitive area within an entity’s network. Often, seemingly insignificant paths to and from untrusted networks can provide unprotected pathways into sensitive systems. NSCs provide a key protection mechanism for any computer network.  
Common examples of untrusted networks include the Internet, dedicated connections such as business-to-business communication channels, wireless networks, carrier networks (such as cellular), third-party networks, and other sources outside the entity’s ability to control. Furthermore, untrusted networks also include corporate networks that are considered out-of-scope for PCI DSS, because they are not assessed, and therefore must be treated as untrusted because the existence of security controls has not been verified. While an entity may consider an internal network to be trusted from an infrastructure perspective, if a network is out of scope for PCI DSS, that network must be considered untrusted for PCI DSS.  
Refer to Appendix G for definitions of PCI DSS terms.