### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
1.3.1 Inbound traffic to the CDE is restricted as follows:
- To only traffic that is necessary.
- All other traffic is specifically denied.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Unauthorized traffic cannot enter the CDE.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
1.3.1.a Examine configuration standards for NSCs to verify that they define restricting inbound traffic to the CDE is in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
1.3.1.b Examine configurations of NSCs to verify that inbound traffic to the CDE is restricted in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
This requirement aims to prevent malicious individuals from accessing the entity’s network via unauthorized IP addresses or from using services, protocols, or ports in an unauthorized manner.
**Good Practice**
All traffic inbound to the CDE, regardless of where it originates, should be evaluated to ensure it follows established, authorized rules. Connections should be inspected to ensure traffic is restricted to only authorized communications—for example, by restricting source/destination addresses and ports, and blocking of content.
**Examples**
Implementing a rule that denies all inbound and outbound traffic that is not specifically needed—for example, by using an explicit “deny all” or implicit deny after allow statement—helps to prevent inadvertent holes that would allow unintended and potentially harmful traffic.
