### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
10.7.1 Additional requirement for service providers only: Failures of critical security control systems are detected, alerted, and addressed promptly, including but not limited to failure of the following critical security control systems:
- Network security controls.
- IDS/IPS.
- FIM.
- Anti-malware solutions.
- Physical access controls.
- Logical access controls.
- Audit logging mechanisms.
- Segmentation controls (if used).

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Failures in critical security control systems are promptly identified and addressed.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
This requirement will be superseded by Requirement 10.7.2 as of 31 March 2025.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
10.7.1.a Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine documentation to verify that processes are defined for the prompt detection and addressing of failures of critical security control systems, including but not limited to failure of all elements specified in this requirement.
10.7.1.b Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Observe detection and alerting processes and interview personnel to verify that failures of critical security control systems are detected and reported, and that failure of a critical security control results in the generation of an alert.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Without formal processes to detect and alert when critical security controls fail, failures may go undetected for extended periods and provide attackers ample time to compromise system components and steal account data from the CDE.
**Good Practice**
The specific types of failures may vary, depending on the function of the device system component and technology in use. Typical failures include a system ceasing to perform its security function or not functioning in its intended manner, such as a firewall erasing all its rules or going offline.