### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.2.1 Authorized and unauthorized wireless access points are managed as follows:
- The presence of wireless (Wi-Fi) access points is tested for,
- All authorized and unauthorized wireless access points are detected and identified,
- Testing, detection, and identification occurs at least once every three months.
- If automated monitoring is used, personnel are notified via generated alerts.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Unauthorized wireless access points are identified and addressed periodically.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
The requirement applies even when a policy exists that prohibits the use of wireless technology since attackers do not read and follow company policy.
Methods used to meet this requirement must be sufficient to detect and identify both authorized and unauthorized devices, including unauthorized devices attached to devices that themselves are authorized.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.2.1.a Examine policies and procedures to verify processes are defined for managing both authorized and unauthorized wireless access points with all elements specified in this requirement.
11.2.1.b Examine the methodology(ies) in use and the resulting documentation, and interview personnel to verify processes are defined to detect and identify both authorized and unauthorized wireless access points in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
11.2.1.c Examine wireless assessment results and interview personnel to verify that wireless assessments were conducted in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
11.2.1.d If automated monitoring is used, examine configuration settings to verify the configuration will generate alerts to notify personnel.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Implementation and/or exploitation of wireless technology within a network are common paths for malicious users to gain unauthorized access to the network and cardholder data. Unauthorized wireless devices could be hidden within or attached to a computer or other system component. These devices could also be attached directly to a network port, to a network device such as a switch or router, or inserted as a wireless interface card inside a system component.
If a wireless device or network is installed without a company’s knowledge, it can allow an attacker to enter the network easily and “invisibly.” Detecting and removing such unauthorized access points reduces the duration and likelihood of such devices being leveraged for an attack.
**Good Practice**
The size and complexity of an environment will dictate the appropriate tools and processes to be used to provide sufficient assurance that a rogue wireless access point has not been installed in the environment.
For example, performing a detailed physical inspection of a single stand-alone retail kiosk in a shopping mall, where all communication components are contained within tamper-resistant and tamper-evident casings, may be sufficient to provide assurance that a rogue wireless access point has not been attached or installed. However, in an environment with multiple nodes (such as in a large retail store, call center, server room or data center), detailed physical inspection can be difficult. In this case, multiple methods may be combined, such as performing physical system inspections in conjunction with the results of a wireless analyzer.
**Definitions**
This is also referred to as rogue access point detection.
**Examples**
Methods that may be used include but are not limited to wireless network scans, physical/logical inspections of system components and infrastructure, network access control (NAC), or wireless IDS/IPS. NAC and wireless IDS/IPS are examples of automated monitoring tools.