### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.3.1.2 Internal vulnerability scans are performed via authenticated scanning as follows:
- Systems that are unable to accept credentials for authenticated scanning are documented.
- Sufficient privileges are used for those systems that accept credentials for scanning.
- If accounts used for authenticated scanning can be used for interactive login, they are managed in accordance with Requirement 8.2.2.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Automated tools used to detect vulnerabilities can detect vulnerabilities local to each system, which are not visible remotely.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
The authenticated scanning tools can be either host-based or network-based.
“Sufficient” privileges are those needed to access system resources such that a thorough scan can be conducted that detects known vulnerabilities.
This requirement does not apply to system components that cannot accept credentials for scanning. Examples of systems that may not accept credentials for scanning include some network and security appliances, mainframes, and containers.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.3.1.2.a Examine scan tool configurations to verify that authenticated scanning is used for internal scans, with sufficient privileges, for those systems that accept credentials for scanning.
11.3.1.2.b Examine scan report results and interview personnel to verify that authenticated scans are performed.
11.3.1.2.c If accounts used for authenticated scanning can be used for interactive login, examine the accounts and interview personnel to verify the accounts are managed following all elements specified in Requirement 8.2.2.
11.3.1.2.d Examine documentation to verify that systems that are unable to accept credentials for authenticated scanning are defined.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Authenticated scanning provides greater insight into an entity’s vulnerability landscape since it can detect vulnerabilities that unauthenticated scans cannot detect. Attackers may leverage vulnerabilities that an entity is unaware of because certain vulnerabilities will only be detected with authenticated scanning.
Authenticated scanning can yield significant additional information about an organization’s vulnerabilities.
**Good Practice**
The credentials used for these scans should be considered highly privileged. They should be protected and controlled as such, following PCI DSS Requirements 7 and 8 (except for those requirements for multi-factor authentication and application and system accounts).