### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.3.2.1 External vulnerability scans are performed after any significant change as follows:
- Vulnerabilities that are scored 4.0 or higher by the CVSS are resolved.
- Rescans are conducted as needed.
- Scans are performed by qualified personnel and organizational independence of the tester exists (not required to be a QSA or ASV).

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The security posture of all system components is verified following significant changes to the network or systems, by using tools designed to detect vulnerabilities operating from outside the network. Detected vulnerabilities are assessed and rectified based on a formal risk assessment framework.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.3.2.1.a Examine change control documentation and external scan reports to verify that system components were scanned after any significant changes.
11.3.2.1.b Interview personnel and examine external scan and rescan reports to verify that external scans were performed after significant changes and that vulnerabilities scored 4.0 or higher by the CVSS were resolved.
11.3.2.1.c Interview personnel to verify that external scans are performed by a qualified internal resource(s) or qualified external third party and that organizational independence of the tester exists.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Scanning an environment after any significant changes ensures that changes were completed appropriately such that the security of the environment was not compromised because of the change.
**Good Practice**
Entities should include the need to perform scans after significant changes as part of the change process and before the change is considered complete. All system components affected by the change will need to be scanned.