### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.3.1.3 Internal vulnerability scans are performed after any significant change as follows:
- High-risk and critical vulnerabilities (per the entity’s vulnerability risk rankings defined at Requirement 6.3.1) are resolved.
- Rescans are conducted as needed.
- Scans are performed by qualified personnel and organizational independence of the tester exists (not required to be a QSA or ASV).

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The security posture of all system components is verified following significant changes to the network or systems, by using automated tools designed to detect vulnerabilities operating inside the network. Detected vulnerabilities are assessed and rectified based on a formal risk assessment framework.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
Authenticated internal vulnerability scanning per Requirement 11.3.1.2 is not required for scans performed after significant changes.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.3.1.3.a Examine change control documentation and internal scan reports to verify that system components were scanned after any significant changes.
11.3.1.3.b Interview personnel and examine internal scan and rescan reports to verify that internal scans were performed after significant changes and that high-risk and critical vulnerabilities as defined in Requirement 6.3.1 were resolved.
11.3.1.3.c Interview personnel to verify that internal scans are performed by a qualified internal resource(s) or qualified external third party and that organizational independence of the tester exists.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Scanning an environment after any significant changes ensures that changes were completed appropriately such that the security of the environment was not compromised because of the change.
**Good Practice**
Entities should perform scans after significant changes as part of the change process per Requirement 6.5.2 and before considering the change complete. All system components affected by the change will need to be scanned.