### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.4.7 Additional requirement for multi-tenant service providers only: Multi-tenant service providers support their customers for external penetration testing per Requirement 11.4.3 and 11.4.4.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Multi-tenant service providers support their customers’ need for technical testing either by providing access or evidence that comparable technical testing has been undertaken.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a multi-tenant service provider.
To meet this requirement, a multi-tenant service provider may either:
- Provide evidence to its customers to show that penetration testing has been performed according to Requirements 11.4.3 and 11.4.4 on the customers’ subscribed infrastructure, or
- Provide prompt access to each of its customers, so customers can perform their own penetration testing.
Evidence provided to customers can include redacted penetration testing results but needs to include sufficient information to prove that all elements of Requirements 11.4.3 and 11.4.4 have been met on the customer’s behalf.
Refer also to Appendix A1: Additional PCI DSS Requirements for Multi-Tenant Service Providers.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.4.7 Additional testing procedure for multi-tenant service providers only: Examine evidence to verify that multi-tenant service providers support their customers for external penetration testing per Requirement 11.4.3 and 11.4.4.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Entities need to conduct penetration tests in accordance with PCI DSS to simulate attacker behavior and discover vulnerabilities in their environment. In shared and cloud environments, the multi-tenant service provider may be concerned about the activities of a penetration tester affecting other customers’ systems.
Multi-tenant service providers cannot forbid penetration testing because this would leave their customers’ systems open to exploitation. Therefore, multi-tenant service providers must support customer requests to conduct penetration testing or for penetration testing results.