### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.4.3 External penetration testing is performed:
- Per the entity’s defined methodology
- At least once every 12 months
- After any significant infrastructure or application upgrade or change
- By a qualified internal resource or qualified external third party
- Organizational independence of the tester exists (not required to be a QSA or ASV).

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
External system defenses are verified by technical testing according to the entity’s defined methodology as frequently as needed to address evolving and new attacks and threats, and to ensure that significant changes do not introduce unknown vulnerabilities.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.4.3.a Examine the scope of work and results from the most recent external penetration test to verify that penetration testing is performed according to all elements specified in this requirement.
11.4.3.b Interview personnel to verify that the external penetration test was performed by a qualified internal resource or qualified external third-party and that organizational independence of the tester exists (not required to be a QSA or ASV).

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Internal penetration testing serves two purposes. Firstly, just like an external penetration test, it discovers vulnerabilities and misconfigurations that could be used by an attacker that had managed to get some degree of access to the internal network, whether that is because the attacker is an authorized user conducting unauthorized activities, or an external attacker that had managed to penetrate the entity’s perimeter.
Secondly, internal penetration testing also helps entities to discover where their change control process failed by detecting previously unknown systems. Additionally, it verifies the status of many of the controls operating within the CDE.
A penetration test is not truly a “test” because the outcome of a penetration test is not something that can be classified as a “pass” or a “fail.” The best outcome of a test is a catalog of vulnerabilities and misconfigurations that an entity did not know about and the penetration tester found them before an attacker could. A penetration test that found nothing is typically indicative of shortcomings of the penetration tester, rather than being a positive reflection of the security posture of the entity.
**Good Practice**
Some considerations when choosing a qualified resource to perform penetration testing include:
- Specific penetration testing certifications, which may be an indication of the tester’s skill level and competence.
- Prior experience conducting penetration testing—for example, the number of years of experience, and the type and scope of prior engagements can help confirm whether the tester’s experience is appropriate for the needs of the engagement.
**Further Information**
Refer to the Information Supplement: Penetration Testing Guidance on the PCI SSC website for additional guidance.