### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
11.5.1 Intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques are used to detect and/or prevent intrusions into the network as follows:
• All traffic is monitored at the perimeter of the CDE.
• All traffic is monitored at critical points in the CDE.
• Personnel are alerted to suspected compromises.
• All intrusion-detection and prevention engines, baselines, and signatures are kept up to date.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Mechanisms to detect real-time suspicious or anomalous network traffic that may be indicative of threat actor activity are implemented. Alerts generated by these mechanisms are responded to by personnel, or by automated means that ensure that system components cannot be compromised as a result of the detected activity.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
11.5.1.a Examine system configurations and network diagrams to verify that intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques are in place to monitor all traffic:
• At the perimeter of the CDE.
• At critical points in the CDE.
11.5.1.b Examine system configurations and interview responsible personnel to verify intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques alert personnel of suspected compromises.
11.5.1.c Examine system configurations and vendor documentation to verify intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques are configured to keep all engines, baselines, and signatures up to date.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Intrusion-detection and/or intrusion-prevention techniques (such as IDS/IPS) compare the traffic coming into the network with known “signatures” and/or behaviors of thousands of compromise types (hacker tools, Trojans, and other malware), and then send alerts and/or stop the attempt as it happens. Without a proactive approach to detect unauthorized activity, attacks on (or misuse of) computer resources could go unnoticed for long periods of time. The impact of an intrusion into the CDE is, in many ways, a factor of the time that an attacker has in the environment before being detected.
**Good Practice**
Security alerts generated by these techniques should be continually monitored, so that the attempted or actual intrusions can be stopped, and potential damage limited.
**Definitions**
Critical locations could include, but are not limited to, network security controls between network segments (for example, between a DMZ and an internal network or between an in-scope and out-of-scope network) and points protecting connections between a less trusted and a more trusted system component.