### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.10.3 Specific personnel are designated to be available on a 24/7 basis to respond to suspected or confirmed security incidents.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Incidents are responded to immediately where appropriate.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.10.3 Examine documentation and interview responsible personnel occupying designated roles to verify that specific personnel are designated to be available on a 24/7 basis to respond to security incidents.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
An incident could occur at any time, therefore if a person who is trained in incident response and familiar with the entity’s plan is available when an incident is detected, the entity’s ability to correctly respond to the incident is increased.
**Good Practice**
Often, specific personnel are designated to be part of a security incident response team, with the team having overall responsibility for responding to incidents (perhaps on a rotating schedule basis) and managing those incidents in accordance with the plan. The incident response team can consist of core members who are permanently assigned or “on-demand” personnel who may be called up as necessary, depending on their expertise and the specifics of the incident.
Having available resources to respond quickly to incidents minimizes disruption to the organization.
Examples of types of activity the team or individuals should respond to include any evidence of unauthorized activity, detection of unauthorized wireless access points, critical IDS alerts, and reports of unauthorized critical system or content file changes.