### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.10.6 The security incident response plan is modified and evolved according to lessons learned and to incorporate industry developments.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The effectiveness and accuracy of the incident response plan is reviewed and updated after each invocation.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.10.6.a Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined to modify and evolve the security incident response plan according to lessons learned and to incorporate industry developments.
12.10.6.b Examine the security incident response plan and interview responsible personnel to verify that the incident response plan is modified and evolved according to lessons learned and to incorporate industry developments.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Incorporating lessons learned into the incident response plan after an incident occurs and in-step with industry developments, helps keep the plan current and able to react to emerging threats and security trends.
**Good Practice**
The lessons-learned exercise should include all levels of personnel. Although it is often included as part of the review of the entire incident, it should focus on how the entity’s response to the incident could be improved.
It is important to not just consider elements of the response that did not have the planned outcomes but also to understand what worked well and whether lessons from those elements that worked well can be applied areas of the plan that didn’t.
Another way to optimize an entity’s incident response plan is to understand the attacks made against other organizations and use that information to fine-tune the entity’s detection, containment, mitigation, or recovery procedures.