### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.3.4 Hardware and software technologies in use are reviewed at least once every 12 months, including at least the following:
- Analysis that the technologies continue to receive security fixes from vendors promptly.
- Analysis that the technologies continue to support (and do not preclude) the entity’s PCI DSS compliance.
- Documentation of any industry announcements or trends related to a technology, such as when a vendor has announced “end of life” plans for a technology.
- Documentation of a plan, approved by senior management, to remediate outdated technologies, including those for which vendors have announced “end of life” plans.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The entity’s hardware and software technologies are up to date and supported by the vendor. Plans to remove or replace all unsupported system components are reviewed periodically.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.3.4 Examine documentation for the review of hardware and software technologies in use and interview personnel to verify that the review is in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Hardware and software technologies are constantly evolving, and organizations need to be aware of changes to the technologies they use, as well as the evolving threats to those technologies to ensure that they can prepare for, and manage, vulnerabilities in hardware and software that will not be remediated by the vendor or developer.
**Good Practice**
Organizations should review firmware versions to ensure they remain current and supported by the vendors. Organizations also need to be aware of changes made by technology vendors to their products or processes to understand how such changes may impact the organization’s use of the technology.
Regular reviews of technologies that impact or influence PCI DSS controls can assist with purchasing, usage, and deployment strategies, and ensure controls that rely on those technologies remain effective. These reviews include, but are not limited to, reviewing technologies that are no longer supported by the vendor and/or no longer meet the security needs of the organization.