### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.3.3 Cryptographic cipher suites and protocols in use are documented and reviewed at least once every 12 months, including at least the following:
- An up-to-date inventory of all cryptographic cipher suites and protocols in use, including purpose and where used.
- Active monitoring of industry trends regarding continued viability of all cryptographic cipher suites and protocols in use.
- A documented strategy to respond to anticipated changes in cryptographic vulnerabilities.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The entity is able to respond quickly to any vulnerabilities in cryptographic protocols or algorithms, where those vulnerabilities affect protection of cardholder data.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
The requirement applies to all cryptographic suites and protocols used to meet PCI DSS requirements.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.3.3 Examine documentation for cryptographic suites and protocols in use and interview personnel to verify the documentation and review is in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Protocols and encryption strengths may quickly change or be deprecated due to identification of vulnerabilities or design flaws. In order to support current and future data security needs, entities need to know where cryptography is used and understand how they would be able to respond rapidly to changes impacting the strength of their cryptographic implementations.
**Good Practice**
Cryptographic agility is important to ensure an alternative to the original encryption method or cryptographic primitive is available, with plans to upgrade to the alternative without significant change to system infrastructure. For example, if the entity is aware of when protocols or algorithms will be deprecated by standards bodies, it can make proactive plans to upgrade before the deprecation is impactful to operations.
**Definitions**
“Cryptographic agility” refers to the ability to monitor and manage the encryption and related verification technologies deployed across an organization.
**Further Information**
Refer to NIST SP 800-131a, Transitioning the Use of Cryptographic Algorithms and Key Lengths.