### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.3.2 A targeted risk analysis is performed for each PCI DSS requirement that the entity meets with the customized approach, to include:
- Documented evidence detailing each element specified in Appendix D: Customized Approach (including, at a minimum, a controls matrix and risk analysis).
- Approval of documented evidence by senior management.
- Performance of the targeted analysis of risk at least once every 12 months.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
This requirement is part of the customized approach and must be met for those using the customized approach.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement only applies to entities using a Customized Approach.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.3.2 Examine the documented targeted risk-analysis for each PCI DSS requirement that the entity meets with the customized approach to verify that documentation for each requirement exists and is in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
A risk analysis following a repeatable and robust methodology enables an entity to meet the customized approach objective.
**Definitions**
The customized approach to meeting a PCI DSS requirement allows entities to define the controls used to meet a given requirement’s stated Customized Approach Objective in a way that does not strictly follow the defined requirement. These controls are expected to at least meet or exceed the security provided by the defined requirement and require extensive documentation by the entity using the customized approach.
**Further Information**
See Appendix D Customized Approach for instructions on how to document the required evidence for the customized approach.
See Appendix E Sample Templates to Support Customized Approach for templates that entities may use to document their customized controls. Note that while use of the templates is optional, the information specified within each template must be documented and provided to each entity’s assessor.