### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.4.2 Additional requirement for service providers only: Reviews are performed at least once every three months to confirm that personnel are performing their tasks in accordance with all security policies and operational procedures. Reviews are performed by personnel other than those responsible for performing the given task and include, but are not limited to, the following tasks:
- Daily log reviews.
- Configuration reviews for network security controls.
- Applying configuration standards to new systems.
- Responding to security alerts.
- Change-management processes.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The operational effectiveness of critical PCI DSS controls is verified periodically by manual inspection of records.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.4.2.a Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined for conducting reviews to confirm that personnel are performing their tasks in accordance with all security policies and all operational procedures, including but not limited to the tasks specified in this requirement.
12.4.2.b Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Interview responsible personnel and examine records of reviews to verify that reviews are performed:
- At least once every three months.
- By personnel other than those responsible for performing the given task.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Regularly confirming that security policies and procedures are being followed provides assurance that the expected controls are active and working as intended. This requirement is distinct from other requirements that specify a task to be performed. The objective of these reviews is not to reperform other PCI DSS requirements, but to confirm that security activities are being performed on an ongoing basis.
**Good Practice**
These reviews can also be used to verify that appropriate evidence is being maintained—for example, audit logs, vulnerability scan reports, reviews of network security control rulesets—to assist in the entity’s preparation for its next PCI DSS assessment.
**Examples**
Looking at Requirement 1.2.7 as one example, Requirement 12.4.2 is met by confirming, at least once every three months, that reviews of configurations of network security controls have occurred at the required frequency. On the other hand, Requirement 1.2.7 is met by reviewing those configurations as specified in the requirement.