### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.5.3 Additional requirement for service providers only: Significant changes to organizational structure result in a documented (internal) review of the impact to PCI DSS scope and applicability of controls, with results communicated to executive management.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
PCI DSS scope is confirmed after significant organizational change.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.5.3.a Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined such that a significant change to organizational structure results in documented review of the impact to PCI DSS scope and applicability of controls.
12.5.3.b Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine documentation (for example, meeting minutes) and interview responsible personnel to verify that significant changes to organizational structure resulted in documented reviews that included all elements specified in this requirement, with results communicated to executive management.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
An organization’s structure and management define the requirements and protocol for effective and secure operations. Changes to this structure could have negative effects to existing controls and frameworks by reallocating or removing resources that once supported PCI DSS controls or inheriting new responsibilities that may not have established controls in place. Therefore, it is important to revisit PCI DSS scope and controls when there are changes to an organization’s structure and management to ensure controls are in place and active.
**Examples**
Changes to organizational structure include, but are not limited to, company mergers or acquisitions, and significant changes or reassignments of personnel with responsibility for security controls.