### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.5.2.1 Additional requirement for service providers only: PCI DSS scope is documented and confirmed by the entity at least once every six months and upon significant change to the in-scope environment. At a minimum, the scoping validation includes all the elements specified in Requirement 12.5.2.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The accuracy of PCI DSS scope is verified to be continuously accurate by comprehensive analysis and appropriate technical measures.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.5.2.1.a Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine documented results of scope reviews and interview personnel to verify that reviews per Requirement 12.5.2 are performed:
- At least once every six months, and
- After significant changes
12.5.2.1.b Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine documented results of scope reviews to verify that scoping validation includes all elements specified in Requirement 12.5.2.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Service providers typically have access to greater volumes of cardholder data than do merchants, or can provide an entry point that can be exploited to then compromise multiple other entities. Service providers also typically have larger and more complex networks that are subject to more frequent change. The probability of overlooked changes to scope in complex and dynamic networks is greater in service providers’ environments.
Validating PCI DSS scope more frequently is likely to discover such overlooked changes before they can be exploited by an attacker.