### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.5.1 An inventory of system components that are in scope for PCI DSS, including a description of function/use, is maintained and kept current.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
All system components in scope for PCI DSS are identified and known.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.5.1.a Examine the inventory to verify it includes all in-scope system components and a description of function/use for each.
12.5.1.b Interview personnel to verify the inventory is kept current.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Maintaining a current list of all system components will enable an organization to define the scope of its environment and implement PCI DSS requirements accurately and efficiently. Without an inventory, some system components could be overlooked and be inadvertently excluded from the organization’s configuration standards.
**Good Practice**
If an entity keeps an inventory of all assets, those system components in scope for PCI DSS should be clearly identifiable among the other assets.
Inventories should include containers or images that may be instantiated.
Assigning an owner to the inventory helps to ensure the inventory stays current.
**Examples**
Methods to maintain an inventory include as a database, as a series of files, or in an inventory-management tool.