### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.6.3.1 Security awareness training includes awareness of threats and vulnerabilities that could impact the security of the CDE, including but not limited to:
- Phishing and related attacks.
- Social engineering.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Personnel are knowledgeable about their own human vulnerabilities and how threat actors will attempt to exploit such vulnerabilities. Personnel are able to access assistance and guidance when required.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
See Requirement 5.4.1 for guidance on the difference between technical and automated controls to detect and protect users from phishing attacks, and this requirement for providing users security awareness training about phishing and social engineering. These are two separate and distinct requirements, and one is not met by implementing controls required by the other one.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.6.3.1 Examine security awareness training content to verify it includes all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Educating personnel on how to detect, react to, and report potential phishing and related attacks and social engineering attempts is essential to minimizing the probability of successful attacks.
**Good Practice**
An effective security awareness program should include examples of phishing emails and periodic testing to determine the prevalence of personnel reporting such attacks. Training material an entity can consider for this topic include:
- How to identify phishing and other social engineering attacks.
- How to react to suspected phishing and social engineering.
- Where and how to report suspected phishing and social engineering activity.
An emphasis on reporting allows the organization to reward positive behavior, to optimize technical defenses (see Requirement 5.4.1), and to take immediate action to remove similar phishing emails that evaded technical defenses from recipient inboxes.