### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.7.1 Potential personnel who will have access to the CDE are screened, within the constraints of local laws, prior to hire to minimize the risk of attacks from internal sources.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The risk related to allowing new members of staff access to the CDE is understood and managed.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
For those potential personnel to be hired for positions such as store cashiers, who only have access to one card number at a time when facilitating a transaction, this requirement is a recommendation only.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.7.1 Interview responsible Human Resource department management to verify that screening is conducted, within the constraints of local laws, prior to hiring potential personnel who will have access to the CDE.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Performing thorough screening prior to hiring potential personnel who are expected to be given access to the CDE provides entities with the information necessary to make informed risk decisions regarding personnel they hire that will have access to the CDE.
Other benefits of screening potential personnel include helping to ensure workplace safety and confirming information provided by prospective employees on their resumes.
**Good Practice**
Entities should consider screening for existing personnel anytime they transfer into roles where they have access to the CDE from roles where they did not have this access.
To be effective, the level of screening should be appropriate for the position. For example, positions requiring greater responsibility or that have administrative access to critical data or systems may warrant more detailed or more frequent screening than positions with less responsibility and access.
**Examples**
Screening options can include, as appropriate for the entity’s region, previous employment history, review of public information/social media resources, criminal record, credit history, and reference checks.