### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.8.5 Information is maintained about which PCI DSS requirements are managed by each TPSP, which are managed by the entity, and any that are shared between the TPSP and the entity.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Records detailing the PCI DSS requirements and related system components for which each TPSP is solely or jointly responsible, are maintained and reviewed periodically.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.8.5.a Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined to maintain information about which PCI DSS requirements are managed by each TPSP, which are managed by the entity, and any that are shared between both the TPSP and the entity.
12.8.5.b Examine documentation and interview personnel to verify the entity maintains information about which PCI DSS requirements are managed by each TPSP, which are managed by the entity, and any that are shared between both entities.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
It is important that the entity understands which PCI DSS requirements and sub-requirements its TPSPs have agreed to meet, which requirements are shared between the TPSP and the entity, and for those that are shared, specifics about how the requirements are shared and which entity is responsible for meeting each sub-requirement.
Without this shared understanding, it is inevitable that the entity and the TPSP will assume a given PCI DSS sub-requirement is the responsibility of the other party, and therefore that sub-requirement may not be addressed at all.
The specific information an entity maintains will depend on the particular agreement with their providers, the type of service, etc. TPSPs may define their PCI DSS responsibilities to be the same for all their customers; otherwise, this responsibility should be agreed upon by both the entity and TPSP.
**Good Practice**
Entities can document these responsibilities via a matrix that identifies all applicable PCI DSS requirements and indicates for each requirement whether the entity or TPSP is responsible for meeting that requirement or whether it is a shared responsibility. This type of document is often referred to as a responsibility matrix.
It is also important for entities to understand whether any TPSPs have “nested” relationships with other TPSPs, meaning the primary TPSP contracts with another TPSP(s) for the purposes of providing a service. It is important to understand whether the primary TPSP is relying on the secondary TPSP(s) to achieve overall compliance of a service, and how the primary TPSP is monitoring performance of the service and the PCI DSS compliance status of the secondary TPSP(s). Note that it is the responsibility of the primary TPSP to manage and monitor any secondary TPSPs.
**Further Information**
Refer to Information Supplement: Third-Party Security Assurance for a sample responsibility matrix template.