### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
12.9.1 Additional requirement for service providers only: TPSPs acknowledge in writing to customers that they are responsible for the security of account data the TPSP possesses or otherwise stores, processes, or transmits on behalf of the customer, or to the extent that they could impact the security of the customer’s CDE.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
TPSPs formally acknowledge their security responsibilities to their customers.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
The exact wording of an acknowledgment will depend on the agreement between the two parties, the details of the service being provided, and the responsibilities assigned to each party. The acknowledgment does not have to include the exact wording provided in this requirement.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
12.9.1 Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine TPSP policies, procedures, and templates used for written agreements to verify processes are defined for the TPSP to provide written acknowledgments to customers in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
In conjunction with Requirement 12.8.2, this requirement is intended to promote a consistent level of understanding between TPSPs and their customers about their applicable PCI DSS responsibilities. The acknowledgment of the TPSPs evidences their commitment to maintaining proper security of account data that it obtains from its clients.
The method by which the TPSP provides written acknowledgment should be agreed between the provider and its customers.