### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
2.2.2 Vendor default accounts are managed as follows:
- If the vendor default account(s) will be used, the default password is changed per Requirement 8.3.6.
- If the vendor default account(s) will not be used, the account is removed or disabled.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
System components cannot be accessed using default passwords.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This applies to ALL vendor default accounts and passwords, including, but not limited to, those used by operating systems, software that provides security services, application and system accounts, point-of-sale (POS) terminals, payment applications, and Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) defaults.
This requirement also applies where a system component is not installed within an entity’s environment, for example, software and applications that are part of the CDE and are accessed via a cloud subscription service.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
2.2.2.a Examine system configuration standards to verify they include managing vendor default accounts in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
2.2.2.b Examine vendor documentation and observe a system administrator logging on using vendor default accounts to verify accounts are implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
2.2.2.c Examine configuration files and interview personnel to verify that all vendor default accounts that will not be used are removed or disabled.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Malicious individuals often use vendor default account names and passwords to compromise operating systems, applications, and the systems on which they are installed. Because these default settings are often published and are well known, changing these settings will make systems less vulnerable to attack.
**Good Practice**
All vendor default accounts should be identified, and their purpose and use understood. It is important to establish controls for application and system accounts, including those used to deploy and maintain cloud services so that they do not use default passwords and are not usable by unauthorized individuals.
Where a default account is not intended to be used, changing the default password to a unique password that meets PCI DSS Requirement 8.3.6, removing any access to the default account, and then disabling the account, will prevent a malicious individual from re-enabling the account and gaining access with the default password.
Using an isolated staging network to install and configure new systems is recommended and can also be used to confirm that default credentials have not been introduced into production environments.
**Examples**
Defaults to be considered include user IDs, passwords, and other authentication credentials commonly used by vendors in their products.