### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
2.2.7 All non-console administrative access is encrypted using strong cryptography.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Cleartext administrative authorization factors cannot be read or intercepted from any network transmissions.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This includes administrative access via browser-based interfaces and application programming interfaces (APIs).

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
2.2.7.a Examine system configuration standards to verify they include encrypting all non-console administrative access using strong cryptography.
2.2.7.b Observe an administrator log on to system components and examine system configurations to verify that non-console administrative access is managed in accordance with this requirement.
2.2.7.c Examine settings for system components and authentication services to verify that insecure remote login services are not available for non-console administrative access.
2.2.7.d Examine vendor documentation and interview personnel to verify that strong cryptography for the technology in use is implemented according to industry best practices and/or vendor recommendations.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
If non-console (including remote) administration does not use encrypted communications, administrative authorization factors (such as IDs and passwords) can be revealed to an eavesdropper. A malicious individual could use this information to access the network, become administrator, and steal data.
**Good Practice**
Whichever security protocol is used, it should be configured to use only secure versions and configurations to prevent use of an insecure connection—for example, by using only trusted certificates, supporting only strong encryption, and not supporting fallback to weaker, insecure protocols or methods.
**Examples**
Cleartext protocols (such as HTTP, telnet, etc.) do not encrypt traffic or logon details, making it easy for an eavesdropper to intercept this information. Non-console access may be facilitated by technologies that provide alternative access to systems, including but not limited to, out-of-band (OOB), lights-out management (LOM), Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI), and keyboard, video, mouse (KVM) switches with remote capabilities. These and other non-console access technologies and methods must be secured with strong cryptography.
**Further Information**
Refer to industry standards and best practices such as [[NIST SP 800-52]] and [[SP 800-57]].