### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
2.2.4 Only necessary services, protocols, daemons, and functions are enabled, and all unnecessary functionality is removed or disabled.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
System components cannot be compromised by exploiting unnecessary functionality present in the system component.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
2.2.4.a Examine system configuration standards to verify necessary system services, protocols, and daemons are identified and documented.
2.2.4.b Examine system configurations to verify the following:
- All unnecessary functionality is removed or disabled.
- Only required functionality, as documented in the configuration standards, is enabled.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Unnecessary services and functions can provide additional opportunities for malicious individuals to gain access to a system. By removing or disabling all unnecessary services, protocols, daemons, and functions, organizations can focus on securing the functions that are required and reduce the risk that unknown or unnecessary functions will be exploited.
**Good Practice**
There are many protocols that could be enabled by default that are commonly used by malicious individuals to compromise a network. Disabling or removing all services, functions, and protocols that are not used minimizes the potential attack surface—for example, by removing or disabling an unused FTP or web server.
**Examples**
Unnecessary functionality may include, but is not limited to scripts, drivers, features, subsystems, file systems, interfaces (USB and Bluetooth), and unnecessary web servers.