### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
2.2.5 If any insecure services, protocols, or daemons are present:
- Business justification is documented.
- Additional security features are documented and implemented that reduce the risk of using insecure services, protocols, or daemons.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
System components cannot be compromised by exploiting insecure services, protocols, or daemons.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
2.2.5.a If any insecure services, protocols, or daemons are present, examine system configuration standards and interview personnel to verify they are managed and implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
2.2.5.b If any insecure services, protocols, or daemons, are present, examine configuration settings to verify that additional security features are implemented to reduce the risk of using insecure services, daemons, and protocols.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Ensuring that all insecure services, protocols, and daemons are adequately secured with appropriate security features makes it more difficult for malicious individuals to exploit common points of compromise within a network.
**Good Practice**
Enabling security features before new system components are deployed will prevent insecure configurations from being introduced into the environment. Some vendor solutions may provide additional security functions to assist with securing an insecure process.
**Further Information**
For guidance on services, protocols, or daemons considered to be insecure, refer to industry standards and guidance (for example, as published by NIST, ENISA, and OWASP).