### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.2.1 Account data storage is kept to a minimum through implementation of data retention and disposal policies, procedures, and processes that include at least the following:
- Coverage for all locations of stored account data.
- Coverage for any sensitive authentication data (SAD) stored prior to completion of authorization. This bullet is a best practice until its effective date; refer to Applicability Notes below for details.
- Limiting data storage amount and retention time to that which is required for legal or regulatory, and/or business requirements.
- Specific retention requirements for stored account data that defines length of retention period and includes a documented business justification.
- Processes for secure deletion or rendering account data unrecoverable when no longer needed per the retention policy.
- A process for verifying, at least once every three months, that stored account data exceeding the defined retention period has been securely deleted or rendered unrecoverable.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Account data is retained only where necessary and for the least amount of time needed and is securely deleted or rendered unrecoverable when no longer needed.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
Where account data is stored by a TPSP (for example, in a cloud environment), entities are responsible for working with their service providers to understand how the TPSP meets this requirement for the entity. Considerations include ensuring that all geographic instances of a data element are securely deleted.
The bullet above (for coverage of SAD stored prior to completion of authorization) is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required as part of Requirement 3.2.1 and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.2.1.a Examine the data retention and disposal policies, procedures, and processes and interview personnel to verify processes are defined to include all elements specified in this requirement.
3.2.1.b Examine files and system records on system components where account data is stored to verify that the data storage amount and retention time does not exceed the requirements defined in the data retention policy.
3.2.1.c Observe the mechanisms used to render account data unrecoverable to verify data cannot be recovered.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
A formal data retention policy identifies what data needs to be retained, for how long, and where that data resides so it can be securely destroyed or deleted as soon as it is no longer needed. The only account data that may be stored after authorization is the primary account number or PAN (rendered unreadable), expiration date, cardholder name, and service code.
The storage of SAD data prior to the completion of the authorization process is also included in the data retention and disposal policy so that storage of this sensitive data is kept to minimum, and only retained for the defined amount of time.
**Good Practice**
When identifying locations of stored account data, consider all processes and personnel with access to the data, as data could have been moved and stored in different locations than originally defined. Storage locations that are often overlooked include backup and archive systems, removable data storage devices, paper-based media, and audio recordings.
To define appropriate retention requirements, an entity first needs to understand its own business needs as well as any legal or regulatory obligations that apply to its industry or to the type of data being retained. Implementing an automated process to ensure data is automatically and securely deleted upon its defined retention limit can help ensure that account data is not retained beyond what is necessary for business, legal, or regulatory purposes.
Methods of eliminating data when it exceeds the retention period include secure deletion to complete removal of the data or rendering it unrecoverable and unable to be reconstructed. Identifying and securely eliminating stored data that has exceeded its specified retention period prevents unnecessary retention of data that is no longer needed. This process may be automated, manual, or a combination of both.
The deletion function in most operating systems is not “secure deletion” as it allows deleted data to be recovered, so instead, a dedicated secure deletion function or application must be used to make data unrecoverable.
Remember, if you don't need it, don't store it!
**Examples**
An automated, programmatic procedure could be run to locate and remove data, or a manual review of data storage areas could be performed. Whichever method is used, it is a good idea to monitor the process to ensure it is completed successfully, and that the results are recorded and validated as being complete. Implementing secure deletion methods ensures that the data cannot be retrieved when it is no longer needed.
**Further Information**
See NIST SP 800-88 Rev. 1, Guidelines for Media Sanitization.