### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.3.1.1 The full contents of any track are not retained upon completion of the authorization process.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
This requirement is not eligible for the customized approach.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
In the normal course of business, the following data elements from the track may need to be retained:
• Cardholder name.
• Primary account number (PAN).
• Expiration date.
• Service code.
To minimize risk, store securely only these data elements as needed for business.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.3.1.1 Examine data sources to verify that the full contents of any track are not stored upon completion of the authorization process.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
If full contents of any track (from the magnetic stripe on the back of a card if present, equivalent data contained on a chip, or elsewhere) is stored, malicious individuals who obtain that data can use it to reproduce payment cards and complete fraudulent transactions.
**Definitions**
Full track data is alternatively called full track, track, track 1, track 2, and magnetic-stripe data. Each track contains a number of data elements, and this requirement specifies only those that may be retained post-authorization.
**Examples**
Data sources to review to ensure that the full contents of any track are not retained upon completion of the authorization process include, but are not limited to:
- Incoming transaction data.
- All logs (for example, transaction, history, debugging, error).
- History files.
- Trace files.
- Database schemas.
- Contents of databases, and on-premise and cloud data stores.
- Any existing memory/crash dump files.