### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.3.3 Additional requirement for issuers and companies that support issuing services and store sensitive authentication data: Any storage of sensitive authentication data is:
• Limited to that which is needed for a legitimate issuing business need and is secured.
• Encrypted using strong cryptography. This bullet is a best practice until its effective date; refer to Applicability Notes below for details.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Sensitive authentication data is retained only as required to support issuing functions and is secured from unauthorized access.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only to issuers and companies that support issuing services and store sensitive authentication data.
Entities that issue payment cards or that perform or support issuing services will often create and control sensitive authentication data as part of the issuing function. It is allowable for companies that perform, facilitate, or support issuing services to store sensitive authentication data ONLY IF they have a legitimate business need to store such data.
PCI DSS requirements are intended for all entities that store, process, or transmit account data, including issuers. The only exception for issuers and issuer processors is that sensitive authentication data may be retained if there is a legitimate reason to do so. Any such data must be stored securely and in accordance with all PCI DSS and specific payment brand requirements.
The bullet above (for encrypting stored SAD with strong cryptography) is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required as part of Requirement 3.3.3 and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.3.3.a Additional testing procedure for issuers and companies that support issuing services and store sensitive authentication data: Examine documented policies and interview personnel to verify there is a documented business justification for the storage of sensitive authentication data.
3.3.3.b Additional testing procedure for issuers and companies that support issuing services and store sensitive authentication data: Examine data stores and system configurations to verify that the sensitive authentication data is stored securely.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
SAD can be used by malicious individuals to increase the probability of successfully generating counterfeit payment cards and creating fraudulent transactions.
**Good Practice**
Entities should consider encrypting SAD with a different cryptographic key than is used to encrypt PAN. Note that this does not mean that PAN present in SAD (as part of track data) would need to be separately encrypted.
**Definitions**
Legitimate issuing business need means that the data is needed to facilitate the issuing business process.
**Further Information**
Refer to ISO/DIS 9564-5 Financial services — Personal Identification Number (PIN) management and security — Part 5: Methods for the generation, change, and verification of PINs and card security data using the advanced encryption standard.