### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.3.2 SAD that is stored electronically prior to completion of authorization is encrypted using strong cryptography.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
This requirement is not eligible for the customized approach.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
Whether SAD is permitted to be stored prior to authorization is determined by the organizations that manage compliance programs (for example, payment brands and acquirers). Contact the organizations of interest for any additional criteria.
This requirement applies to all storage of SAD, even if no PAN is present in the environment.
Refer to Requirement 3.2.1 for an additional requirement that applies if SAD is stored prior to completion of authorization.
This requirement does not apply to issuers and companies that support issuing services where there is a legitimate issuing business justification to store SAD).
Refer to Requirement 3.3.3 for requirements specifically for issuers.
This requirement does not replace how PIN blocks are required to be managed, nor does it mean that a properly encrypted PIN block needs to be encrypted again.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.3.2 Examine data stores, system configurations, and/or vendor documentation to verify that all SAD that is stored electronically prior to completion of authorization is encrypted using strong cryptography.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
SAD can be used by malicious individuals to increase the probability of successfully generating counterfeit payment cards and creating fraudulent transactions.
**Good Practice**
Entities should consider encrypting SAD with a different cryptographic key than is used to encrypt PAN. Note that this does not mean that PAN present in SAD (as part of track data) would need to be separately encrypted.
**Definitions**
The authorization process is completed as soon as the response to an authorization request response—that is, an approval or decline—is received.