### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.4.2 When using remote-access technologies, technical controls prevent copy and/or relocation of PAN for all personnel, except for those with documented, explicit authorization and a legitimate, defined business need.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
PAN cannot be copied or relocated by unauthorized personnel using remote-access technologies.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
Storing or relocating PAN onto local hard drives, removable electronic media, and other storage devices brings these devices into scope for PCI DSS.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.4.2.a Examine documented policies and procedures and documented evidence for technical controls that prevent copy and/or relocation of PAN when using remote-access technologies onto local hard drives or removable electronic media to verify the following:
- Technical controls prevent all personnel not specifically authorized from copying and/or relocating PAN.
- A list of personnel with permission to copy and/or relocate PAN is maintained, together with the documented, explicit authorization and legitimate, defined business need.
3.4.2.b Examine configurations for remote-access technologies to verify that technical controls to prevent copy and/or relocation of PAN for all personnel, unless explicitly authorized.
3.4.2.c Observe processes and interview personnel to verify that only personnel with documented, explicit authorization and a legitimate, defined business need have permission to copy and/or relocate PAN when using remote-access technologies.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Relocation of PAN to unauthorized storage devices is a common way for this data to be obtained and used fraudulently.
Methods to ensure that only those with explicit authorization and a legitimate business reason can copy or relocate PAN minimizes the risk of unauthorized persons gaining access to PAN.
**Good Practice**
Copying and relocation of PAN should only be done to storage devices that are permissible and authorized for that individual.
**Definitions**
A virtual desktop is an example of a remote-access technology.
Storage devices include, but are not limited to, local hard drives, virtual drives, removable electronic media, network drives, and cloud storage.
**Further Information**
Vendor documentation for the remote-access technology in use will provide information about the system settings needed to implement this requirement.