### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.5.1.3 If disk-level or partition-level encryption is used (rather than file-, column-, or field--level database encryption) to render PAN unreadable, it is managed as follows:
- Logical access is managed separately and independently of native operating system authentication and access control mechanisms.
- Decryption keys are not associated with user accounts.
- Authentication factors (passwords, passphrases, or cryptographic keys) that allow access to unencrypted data are stored securely.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Disk encryption implementations are configured to require independent authentication and logical access controls for decryption.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
Disk or partition encryption implementations must also meet all other PCI DSS encryption and key-management requirements.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.5.1.3.a If disk-level or partition-level encryption is used to render PAN unreadable, examine the system configuration and observe the authentication process to verify that logical access is implemented in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
3.5.1.3.b Examine files containing authentication factors (passwords, passphrases, or cryptographic keys) and interview personnel to verify that authentication factors that allow access to unencrypted data are stored securely and are independent from the native operating system’s authentication and access control methods.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Disk-level encryption typically encrypts the entire disk or partition using the same key, with all data automatically decrypted when the system runs or when an authorized user requests it. Many disk-encryption solutions intercept operating system read/write operations and perform the appropriate cryptographic transformations without any special action by the user other than supplying a password or passphrase at system start-up or at the beginning of a session. This provides no protection from a malicious individual that has already managed to gain access to a valid user account.
**Good Practice**
Full disk encryption helps to protect data in the event of physical loss of a disk and therefore its use is best limited only to removable electronic media storage devices.