### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.5.1.2 If disk-level or partition-level encryption (rather than file-, column-, or field-level database encryption) is used to render PAN unreadable, it is implemented only as follows:
- On removable electronic media
OR
- If used for non-removable electronic media, PAN is also rendered unreadable via another mechanism that meets Requirement 3.5.1.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
This requirement is not eligible for the customized approach.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
While disk encryption may still be present on these types of devices, it cannot be the only mechanism used to protect PAN stored on those systems. Any stored PAN must also be rendered unreadable per Requirement 3.5.1—for example, through truncation or a data-level encryption mechanism. Full disk encryption helps to protect data in the event of physical loss of a disk and therefore its use is appropriate only for removable electronic media storage devices.
Media that is part of a data center architecture (for example, hot-swappable drives, bulk tape-backups) is considered non-removable electronic media to which Requirement 3.5.1 applies.
Disk or partition encryption implementations must also meet all other PCI DSS encryption and key-management requirements.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.5.1.2.a Examine encryption processes to verify that, if disk-level or partition-level encryption is used to render PAN unreadable, it is implemented only as follows:
- On removable electronic media,
OR
- If used for non-removable electronic media, examine encryption processes used to verify that PAN is also rendered unreadable via another method that meets Requirement 3.5.1.
3.5.1.2.b Examine configurations and/or vendor documentation and observe encryption processes to verify the system is configured according to vendor documentation the result is that the disk or the partition is rendered unreadable.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Disk-level and partition-level encryption typically encrypts the entire disk or partition using the same key, with all data automatically decrypted when the system runs or when an authorized user requests it. For this reason, disk-level encryption is not appropriate to protect stored PAN on computers, laptops, servers, storage arrays, or any other system that provides transparent decryption upon user authentication.
**Further Information**
Where available, following vendors’ hardening and industry best practice guidelines can assist in securing PAN on these devices.