### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.5.1.1 Hashes used to render PAN unreadable (per the first bullet of Requirement 3.5.1) are keyed cryptographic hashes of the entire PAN, with associated key-management processes and procedures in accordance with Requirements 3.6 and 3.7.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective



-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies to PANs stored in primary storage (databases, or flat files such as text files spreadsheets) as well as non-primary storage (backup, audit logs, exception, or troubleshooting logs) must all be protected.
This requirement does not preclude the use of temporary files containing cleartext PAN while encrypting and decrypting PAN.
This requirement is considered a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.5.1.1.a Examine documentation about the hashing method used to render PAN unreadable, including the vendor, type of system/process, and the encryption algorithms (as applicable) to verify that the hashing method results in keyed cryptographic hashes of the entire PAN, with associated key management processes and procedures.
3.5.1.1.b Examine documentation about the key management procedures and processes associated with the keyed cryptographic hashes to verify keys are managed in accordance with Requirements 3.6 and 3.7.
3.5.1.1.c Examine data repositories to verify the PAN is rendered unreadable.
3.5.1.1.d Examine audit logs, including payment application logs, to verify the PAN is rendered unreadable.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
The removal of cleartext stored PAN is a defense in depth control designed to protect the data if an unauthorized individual gains access to stored data by taking advantage of a vulnerability or misconfiguration of an entity’s primary access control.
Secondary independent control systems (for example governing access to, and use of, cryptography and decryption keys) prevent the failure of a primary access control system leading to a breach of confidentiality of stored PAN.
**Good Practice**
A hashing function that incorporates a randomly generated secret key provides brute force attack resistance and secret authentication integrity.
**Further Information**
Appropriate keyed cryptographic hashing algorithms include but are not limited to: HMAC, CMAC, and GMAC, with an effective cryptographic strength of at least 128-bits (NIST SP 800-131Ar2).
Refer to the following for more information about HMAC, CMAC, and GMAC, respectively: NIST SP 800-107r1, NIST SP 800-38B, and NIST SP 800-38D).
See NIST SP 800-107 (Revision 1): Recommendation for Applications Using Approved Hash Algorithms §5.3.