### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
3.6.1.1 Additional requirement for service providers only: A documented description of the cryptographic architecture is maintained that includes:
- Details of all algorithms, protocols, and keys used for the protection of stored account data, including key strength and expiry date.
- Preventing the use of the same cryptographic keys in production and test environments. This bullet is a best practice until its effective date; refer to Applicability Notes below for details.
- Description of the key usage for each key.
- Inventory of any hardware security modules (HSMs), key management systems (KMS), and other secure cryptographic devices (SCDs) used for key management, including type and location of devices, as outlined in Requirement 12.3.4.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Accurate details of the cryptographic architecture are maintained and available.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
In cloud HSM implementations, responsibility for the cryptographic architecture according to this Requirement will be shared between the cloud provider and the cloud customer.
The bullet above (for including, in the cryptographic architecture, that the use of the same cryptographic keys in production and test is prevented) is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required as part of Requirement 3.6.1.1 and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
3.6.1.1 Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Interview responsible personnel and examine documentation to verify that a document exists to describe the cryptographic architecture that includes all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Maintaining current documentation of the cryptographic architecture enables an entity to understand the algorithms, protocols, and cryptographic keys used to protect stored account data, as well as the devices that generate, use, and protect the keys. This allows an entity to keep pace with evolving threats to its architecture and plan for updates as the assurance level provided by different algorithms and key strengths changes. Maintaining such documentation also allows an entity to detect lost or missing keys or key-management devices and identify unauthorized additions to its cryptographic architecture.
The use of the same cryptographic keys in both production and test environments introduces a risk of exposing the key if the test environment is not at the same security level as the production environment.
**Good Practice**
Having an automated reporting mechanism can assist with maintenance of the cryptographic attributes.