### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
4.2.2 PAN is secured with strong cryptography whenever it is sent via end-user messaging technologies.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Cleartext PAN cannot be read or intercepted from transmissions using end-user messaging technologies.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement also applies if a customer, or other third-party, requests that PAN is sent to them via end-user messaging technologies.
There could be occurrences where an entity receives unsolicited cardholder data via an insecure communication channel that was not intended for transmissions of sensitive data. In this situation, the entity can choose to either include the channel in the scope of their CDE and secure it according to PCI DSS or delete the cardholder data and implement measures to prevent the channel from being used for cardholder data.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
4.2.2.a Examine documented policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined to secure PAN with strong cryptography whenever sent over end-user messaging technologies.
4.2.2.b Examine system configurations and vendor documentation to verify that PAN is secured with strong cryptography whenever it is sent via end-user messaging technologies.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
End-user messaging technologies typically can be easily intercepted by packet-sniffing during delivery across internal and public networks.
**Good Practice**
The use of end-user messaging technology to send PAN should only be considered where there is a defined business need.
**Examples**
E-mail, instant messaging, SMS, and chat are examples of the type of end-user messaging technology that this requirement refers to.