### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
5.3.3 For removable electronic media, the anti-malware solution(s):
- Performs automatic scans of when the media is inserted, connected, or logically mounted,
OR
- Performs continuous behavioral analysis of systems or processes when the media is inserted, connected, or logically mounted.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Malware cannot be introduced to system components via external removable media.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
5.3.3.a Examine anti-malware solution(s) configurations to verify that, for removable electronic media, the solution is configured to perform at least one of the elements specified in this requirement.
5.3.3.b Examine system components with removable electronic media connected to verify that the solution(s) is enabled in accordance with at least one of the elements as specified in this requirement.
5.3.3.c Examine logs and scan results to verify that the solution(s) is enabled in accordance with at least one of the elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Portable media devices are often overlooked as an entry method for malware. Attackers will often pre-load malware onto portable devices such as USB and flash drives; connecting an infected device to a computer then triggers the malware, introducing new threats within the environment.