### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
5.3.2 The anti-malware solution(s):
- Performs periodic scans and active or real-time scans.
OR
- Performs continuous behavioral analysis of systems or processes.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Malware cannot complete execution.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
5.3.2.a Examine anti-malware solution(s) configurations, including any master installation of the software, to verify the solution(s) is configured to perform at least one of the elements specified in this requirement.
5.3.2.b Examine system components, including all operating system types identified as at risk for malware, to verify the solution(s) is enabled in accordance with at least one of the elements specified in this requirement.
5.3.2.c Examine logs and scan results to verify that the solution(s) is enabled in accordance with at least one of the elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Periodic scans can identify malware that is present, but currently inactive, within the environment. Some malware, such as zero-day malware, can enter an environment before the scan solution is capable of detecting it. Performing regular periodic scans or continuous behavioral analysis of systems or processes helps ensure that previously undetectable malware can be identified, removed, and investigated to determine how it gained access to the environment.
**Good Practice**
Using a combination of periodic scans (scheduled and on-demand) and active, real-time (on-access) scanning helps ensure that malware residing in both static and dynamic elements of the CDE is addressed. Users should also be able to run on-demand scans on their systems if suspicious activity is detected – this can be useful in the early detection of malware.
Scans should include the entire file system, including all disks, memory, and start-up files and boot records (at system restart) to detect all malware upon file execution, including any software that may be resident on a system but not currently active. Scan scope should include all systems and software in the CDE, including those that are often overlooked such as email servers, web browsers, and instant messaging software.
**Definitions**
Active, or real-time, scanning checks files for malware upon any attempt to open, close, rename, or otherwise interact with a file, preventing the malware from being activated.