### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.2.2 Software development personnel working on bespoke and custom software are trained at least once every 12 months as follows:
• On software security relevant to their job function and development languages.
• Including secure software design and secure coding techniques.
• Including, if security testing tools are used, how to use the tools for detecting vulnerabilities in software.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Software development personnel remain knowledgeable about secure development practices; software security; and attacks against the languages, frameworks, or applications they develop. Personnel are able to access assistance and guidance when required.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.2.2.a Examine software development procedures to verify that processes are defined for training of software development personnel developing bespoke and custom software that includes all elements specified in this requirement.
6.2.2.b Examine training records and interview personnel to verify that software development personnel working on bespoke and custom software received software security training that is relevant to their job function and development languages in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Having staff knowledgeable in secure coding methods, including techniques defined in Requirement 6.2.4, will help minimize the number of security vulnerabilities introduced through poor coding practices.
**Good Practice**
Training for developers may be provided in-house or by third parties.
Training should include, but is not limited to, development languages in use, secure software design, secure coding techniques, use of techniques/methods for finding vulnerabilities in code, processes to prevent reintroducing previously resolved vulnerabilities, and how to use any automated security testing tools for detecting vulnerabilities in software.
As industry-accepted secure coding practices change, organizational coding practices and developer training may need to be updated to address new threats.