### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.3.1 Security vulnerabilities are identified and managed as follows:
- New security vulnerabilities are identified using industry-recognized sources for security vulnerability information, including alerts from international and national computer emergency response teams (CERTs).
- Vulnerabilities are assigned a risk ranking based on industry best practices and consideration of potential impact.
- Risk rankings identify, at a minimum, all vulnerabilities considered to be a high-risk or critical to the environment.
- Vulnerabilities for bespoke and custom, and third-party software (for example operating systems and databases) are covered.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
New system and software vulnerabilities that may impact the security of account data or the CDE are monitored, cataloged, and risk assessed.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is not achieved by, nor is it the same as, vulnerability scans performed for Requirements 11.3.1 and 11.3.2. This requirement is for a process to actively monitor industry sources for vulnerability information and for the entity to determine the risk ranking to be associated with each vulnerability.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.3.1.a Examine policies and procedures for identifying and managing security vulnerabilities to verify that processes are defined in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
6.3.1.b Interview responsible personnel, examine documentation, and observe processes to verify that security vulnerabilities are identified and managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Classifying the risks (for example, as critical, high, medium, or low) allows organizations to identify, prioritize, and address the highest risk items more quickly and reduce the likelihood that vulnerabilities posing the greatest risk will be exploited.
**Good Practice**
Methods for evaluating vulnerabilities and assigning risk ratings will vary based on an organization’s environment and risk-assessment strategy.
When an entity is assigning its risk rankings, it should consider using a formal, objective, justifiable methodology that accurately portrays the risks of the vulnerabilities pertinent to the organization and translates to an appropriate entity-assigned priority for resolution.
An organization’s processes for managing vulnerabilities should be integrated with other management processes—for example, risk management, change management, patch management, incident response, application security, as well as proper monitoring and logging of these processes. This will help to ensure all vulnerabilities are properly identified and addressed. Processes should support ongoing evaluation of vulnerabilities. For example, a vulnerability initially identified as low risk could become a higher risk later. Additionally, vulnerabilities, individually considered to be low or medium risk, could collectively pose a high or critical risk if present on the same system, or if exploited on a low-risk system that could result in access to the CDE.
**Examples**
Some organizations that issue alerts to advise entities about urgent vulnerabilities requiring immediate patches/updates are national Computer Emergency Readiness/Response Teams (CERTs) and vendors.
Criteria for ranking vulnerabilities may include criticality of a vulnerability identified in an alert from Forum of Incident Response and Security Teams (FIRST) or a CERT, consideration of the CVSS score, the classification by the vendor, and/or type of systems affected.
**Further Information**
Trustworthy sources for vulnerability information include vendor websites, industry newsgroups, mailing lists, etc. If software is developed in-house, the internal development team should also consider sources of information about new vulnerabilities that may affect internally developed applications. Other methods to ensure new vulnerabilities are identified include solutions that automatically recognize and alert upon detection of unusual behavior. Processes should account for widely published exploits as well as “zero-day” attacks, which target previously unknown vulnerabilities.
For bespoke and custom software, the organization may obtain information about libraries, frameworks, compilers, programming languages, etc. from public trusted sources (for example, special resources and resources from component developers). The organization may also independently analyze third-party components and identify vulnerabilities.
For control over in-house developed software, the organization may receive such information from external sources. The organization can consider using a “bug bounty” program where it posts information (for example, on its website) so third parties can contact the organization with vulnerability information. External sources may include independent investigators or companies that report to the organization about identified vulnerabilities and may include sources such as the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) or the OWASP Risk Rating Methodology.