### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.3.3 All system components are protected from known vulnerabilities by installing applicable security patches/updates as follows:
- Critical or high-security patches/updates (identified according to the risk ranking process at Requirement 6.3.1) are installed within one month of release.
- All other applicable security patches/updates are installed within an appropriate time frame as determined by the entity (for example, within three months of release).

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
System components cannot be compromised via the exploitation of a known vulnerability.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.3.3.a Examine policies and procedures to verify processes are defined for addressing vulnerabilities by installing applicable security patches/updates in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
6.3.3.b Examine system components and related software and compare the list of installed security patches/updates to the most recent security patch/update information to verify vulnerabilities are addressed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
New exploits are constantly being discovered, and these can permit attacks against systems that have previously been considered secure. If the most recent security patches/updates are not implemented on critical systems as soon as possible, a malicious actor can use these exploits to attack or disable a system or gain access to sensitive data.
**Good Practice**
Prioritizing security patches/updates for critical infrastructure ensures that high-priority systems and devices are protected from vulnerabilities as soon as possible after a patch is released.
An entity’s patching cadence should factor in any re-evaluation of vulnerabilities and subsequent changes in the criticality of a vulnerability per Requirement 6.3.1. For example, a vulnerability initially identified as low risk could become a higher risk later. Additionally, vulnerabilities individually considered to be low or medium risk could collectively pose a high or critical risk if present on the same system, or if exploited on a low-risk system that could result in access to the CDE.
