### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.4.2 For public-facing web applications, an automated technical solution is deployed that continually detects and prevents web-based attacks, with at least the following:
• Is installed in front of public-facing web applications and is configured to detect and prevent web-based attacks.
• Actively running and up to date as applicable.
• Generating audit logs.
• Configured to either block web-based attacks or generate an alert that is immediately investigated.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Public-facing web applications are protected in real time against malicious attacks.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This new requirement will replace Requirement 6.4.1 once its effective date is reached.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.4.2 For public-facing web applications, examine the system configuration settings and audit logs, and interview responsible personnel to verify that an automated technical solution that detects and prevents web-based attacks is in place in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Public-facing web applications are primary targets for attackers, and poorly coded web applications provide an easy path for attackers to gain access to sensitive data and systems.
**Good Practice**
When using automated technical solutions, it is important to include processes that facilitate timely responses to alerts generated by the solutions so that any detected attacks can be mitigated. Such solutions may also be used to automate mitigation, for example rate-limiting controls, which can be implemented to mitigate against brute-force attacks and enumeration attacks.
**Examples**
A web application firewall (WAF), which can be either on-premise or cloud-based, installed in front of public-facing web applications to check all traffic, is an example of an automated technical solution that detects and prevents web-based attacks (for example, the attacks included in Requirement 6.2.4). WAFs filter and block non-essential traffic at the application layer. A properly configured WAF helps to prevent application-layer attacks on applications that are improperly coded or configured.