### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.4.1 For public-facing web applications, new threats and vulnerabilities are addressed on an ongoing basis and these applications are protected against known attacks as follows:
- Reviewing public-facing web applications via manual or automated application vulnerability security assessment tools or methods as follows:
	- At least once every 12 months and after significant changes.
	- By an entity that specializes in application security.
	- Including, at a minimum, all common software attacks in Requirement 6.2.4.
	- All vulnerabilities are ranked in accordance with requirement 6.3.1.
	- All vulnerabilities are corrected.
	- The application is re-evaluated after the corrections
OR
- Installing an automated technical solution(s) that continually detects and prevents web-based attacks as follows:
	- Installed in front of public-facing web applications to detect and prevent web-based attacks.
	- Actively running and up to date as applicable.
	- Generating audit logs.
	- Configured to either block web-based attacks or generate an alert that is immediately investigated.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Public-facing web applications are protected against malicious attacks.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This assessment is not the same as the vulnerability scans performed for Requirement 11.3.1 and 11.3.2.
This requirement will be superseded by Requirement 6.4.2 after 31 March 2025 when Requirement 6.4.2 becomes effective.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.4.1 For public-facing web applications, ensure that either one of the required methods is in place as follows:
- If manual or automated vulnerability security assessment tools or methods are in use, examine documented processes, interview personnel, and examine records of application security assessments to verify that public-facing web applications are reviewed in accordance with all elements of this requirement specific to the tool/method.
OR
- If an automated technical solution(s) is installed that continually detects and prevents web-based attacks, examine the system configuration settings and audit logs, and interview responsible personnel to verify that the automated technical solution(s) is installed in accordance with all elements of this requirement specific to the solution(s).

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Public-facing web applications are those that are available to the public (not only for internal use). These applications are primary targets for attackers, and poorly coded web applications provide an easy path for attackers to gain access to sensitive data and systems.
**Good Practice**
Manual or automated vulnerability security assessment tools or methods review and/or test the application for vulnerabilities.
Common assessment tools include specialized web scanners that perform automatic analysis of web application protection.
When using automated technical solutions, it is important to include processes that facilitate timely responses to alerts generated by the solutions so that any detected attacks can be mitigated.
**Examples**
A web application firewall (WAF) installed in front of public-facing web applications to check all traffic is an example of an automated technical solution that detects and prevents web-based attacks (for example, the attacks included in Requirement 6.2.4). WAFs filter and block non-essential traffic at the application layer. A properly configured WAF helps to prevent application-layer attacks on applications that are improperly coded or configured.
Another example of an automated technical solution is Runtime Application Self-Protection (RASP) technologies. When implemented correctly, RASP solutions can detect and block anomalous behavior by the software during execution. While WAFs typically monitor the application perimeter, RASP solutions monitor and block behavior within the application.