### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.5.5 Live PANs are not used in pre-production environments, except where those environments are included in the CDE and protected in accordance with all applicable PCI DSS requirements.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Live PANs cannot be present in pre-production environments outside the CDE.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.5.5.a Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined for not using live PANs in pre-production environments, except where those environments are in a CDE and protected in accordance with all applicable PCI DSS requirements.
6.5.5.b Observe testing processes and interview personnel to verify procedures are in place to ensure live PANs are not used in pre-production environments, except where those environments are in a CDE and protected in accordance with all applicable PCI DSS requirements.
6.5.5.c Examine pre-production test data to verify live PANs are not used in pre-production environments, except where those environments are in a CDE and protected in accordance with all applicable PCI DSS requirements.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Use of live PANs outside of protected CDEs provides malicious individuals with the opportunity to gain unauthorized access to cardholder data.
**Good Practice**
Entities can minimize their storage of live PANs by only storing them in pre-production when strictly necessary for a specific and defined testing purpose and securely deleting that data after use.
If an entity requires PANs specifically designed for test purposes, these can be obtained from acquirers.
**Definitions**
Live PANs refer to valid PANs (not test PANs) that have the potential to be used to conduct payment transactions. Additionally, when payment cards expire, the same PAN is often reused with a different expiry date. All PANs must be verified as being unable to conduct payment transactions before they are excluded from PCI DSS scope. It is the responsibility of the entity to confirm that PANs are not live.