### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
6.5.4 Roles and functions are separated between production and pre-production environments to provide accountability such that only reviewed and approved changes are deployed.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Job roles and accountability that differentiate between pre-production and production activities are defined and managed to minimize the risk of unauthorized, unintentional, or inappropriate actions.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
In environments with limited personnel where individuals perform multiple roles or functions, this same goal can be achieved with additional procedural controls that provide accountability. For example, a developer may also be an administrator that uses an administrator-level account with elevated privileges in the development environment and, for their developer role, they use a separate account with user-level access to the production environment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
6.5.4.a Examine policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined for separating roles and functions to provide accountability such that only reviewed and approved changes are deployed.
6.5.4.b Observe processes and interview personnel to verify implemented controls separate roles and functions and provide accountability such that only reviewed and approved changes are deployed.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
The goal of separating roles and functions between production and pre-production environments is to reduce the number of personnel with access to the production environment and account data and thereby minimize risk of unauthorized, unintentional, or inappropriate access to data and system components and help ensure that access is limited to those individuals with a business need for such access.
The intent of this control is to separate critical activities to provide oversight and review to catch errors and minimize the chances of fraud or theft (since two people would need to collude in order to hide an activity).
Separating roles and functions, also referred to as separation or segregation of duties, is a key internal control concept to protect an entity’s assets.