### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.2.3 Additional requirement for service providers only: Service providers with remote access to customer premises use unique authentication factors for each customer premises.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
A service provider’s credential used for one customer cannot be used for any other customer.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
This requirement is not intended to apply to service providers accessing their own shared services environments, where multiple customer environments are hosted.
If service provider employees use shared authentication factors to remotely access customer premises, these factors must be unique per customer and managed in accordance with Requirement 8.2.2.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.2.3 Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: Examine authentication policies and procedures and interview personnel to verify that service providers with remote access to customer premises use unique authentication factors for remote access to each customer premises.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Service providers with remote access to customer premises typically use this access to support POS POI systems or provide other remote services.
If a service provider uses the same authentication factors to access multiple customers, all the service provider’s customers can easily be compromised if an attacker compromises that one factor.
Criminals know this and deliberately target service providers looking for a shared authentication factor that gives them remote access to many merchants via that single factor.
**Examples**
Technologies such as multi-factor mechanisms that provide a unique credential for each connection (such as a single-use password) could also meet the intent of this requirement.