### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.2.1 All users are assigned a unique ID before access to system components or cardholder data is allowed.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
All actions by all users are attributable to an individual.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is not intended to apply to user accounts within point-of-sale terminals that have access to only one card number at a time to facilitate a single transaction (such as IDs used by cashiers on point-of-sale terminals).

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.2.1.a Interview responsible personnel to verify that all users are assigned a unique ID for access to system components and cardholder data.
8.2.1.b Examine audit logs and other evidence to verify that access to system components and cardholder data can be uniquely identified and associated with individuals.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
The ability to trace actions performed on a computer system to an individual establishes accountability and traceability and is fundamental to establishing effective access controls.
By ensuring each user is uniquely identified, instead of using one ID for several employees, an organization can maintain individual responsibility for actions and an effective record in the audit log per employee. In addition, this will assist with issue resolution and containment when misuse or malicious intent occurs.