### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.3.10 Additional requirement for service providers only: If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for customer user access to cardholder data (i.e., in any single-factor authentication implementation), then guidance is provided to customer users including:
- Guidance for customers to change their user passwords/passphrases periodically.
- Guidance as to when, and under what circumstances, passwords/passphrases are to be changed.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Passwords/passphrases for service providers’ customers cannot be used indefinitely.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
This requirement does not apply to accounts of consumer users accessing their own payment card information.
This requirement for service providers will be superseded by Requirement 8.3.10.1 once 8.3.10.1 becomes effective.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.3.10 Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for customer user access to cardholder data, examine guidance provided to customer users to verify that the guidance includes all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Using a password/passphrase as the only authentication factor provides a single point of failure if compromised. Therefore, in these implementations, controls are needed to minimize how long malicious activity could occur via a compromised password/passphrase.
**Good Practice**
Passwords/passphrases that are valid for a long time without a change provide malicious individuals with more time to break the password/phrase. Periodically changing passwords offers less time for a malicious individual to crack a password/passphrase and less time to use a compromised password.