### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.3.10.1 Additional requirement for service providers only: If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for customer user access (i.e., in any single-factor authentication implementation) then either:
- Passwords/passphrases are changed at least once every 90 days,
OR
- The security posture of accounts is dynamically analyzed, and real-time access to resources is automatically determined accordingly.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Passwords/passphrases for service providers’ customers cannot be used indefinitely.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement applies only when the entity being assessed is a service provider.
This requirement does not apply to accounts of consumer users accessing their own payment card information.
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.
Until this requirement is effective on 31 March 2025, service providers may meet either Requirement 8.3.10 or 8.3.10.1.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.3.10.1 Additional testing procedure for service provider assessments only: If passwords/passphrases are used as the only authentication factor for customer user access, inspect system configuration settings to verify that passwords/passphrases are managed in accordance with ONE of the elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Using a password/passphrase as the only authentication factor provides a single point of failure if compromised. Therefore, in these implementations, controls are needed to minimize how long malicious activity could occur via a compromised password/passphrase.
**Good Practice**
Passwords/passphrases that are valid for a long time without a change provide malicious individuals with more time to break the password/phrase. Periodically changing passwords offers less time for a malicious individual to crack a password/passphrase and less time to use a compromised password.
Dynamically analyzing an account’s security posture is another option that allows for more rapid detection and response to address potentially compromised credentials. Such analysis takes a number of data points which may include device integrity, location, access times, and the resources accessed to determine in real time whether an account can be granted access to a requested resource. In this way, access can be denied and accounts blocked if it is suspected that account credentials have been compromised.
**Further Information**
For information about using dynamic analysis to manage user access to resources, refer to NIST SP 800-207 Zero Trust Architecture.