### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.3.4 Invalid authentication attempts are limited by:
- Locking out the user ID after not more than 10 attempts.
- Setting the lockout duration to a minimum of 30 minutes or until the user’s identity is confirmed.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
An authentication factor cannot be guessed in a brute force, online attack.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is not intended to apply to user accounts on point-of-sale terminals that have access to only one card number at a time to facilitate a single transaction (such as IDs used by cashiers on point-of-sale terminals).

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.3.4.a Examine system configuration settings to verify that authentication parameters are set to require that user accounts be locked out after not more than 10 invalid logon attempts.
8.3.4.b Examine system configuration settings to verify that password parameters are set to require that once a user account is locked out, it remains locked for a minimum of 30 minutes or until the user’s identity is confirmed.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Without account-lockout mechanisms in place, an attacker can continually try to guess a password through manual or automated tools (for example, password cracking) until the attacker succeeds and gains access to a user’s account.
If an account is locked out due to someone continually trying to guess a password, controls to delay reactivation of the locked account stop the malicious individual from guessing the password, as they will have to stop for a minimum of 30 minutes until the account is reactivated.
**Good Practice**
Before reactivating a locked account, the user’s identity should be confirmed. For example, the administrator or help desk personnel can validate that the actual account owner is requesting reactivation, or there may be password reset self-service mechanisms that the account owner uses to verify their identity.