### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.3.11 Where authentication factors such as physical or logical security tokens, smart cards, or certificates are used:
- Factors are assigned to an individual user and not shared among multiple users.
- Physical and/or logical controls ensure only the intended user can use that factor to gain access.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
An authentication factor cannot be used by anyone other than the user to which it is assigned.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.3.11.a Examine authentication policies and procedures to verify that procedures for using authentication factors such as physical security tokens, smart cards, and certificates are defined and include all elements specified in this requirement.
8.3.11.b Interview security personnel to verify authentication factors are assigned to an individual user and not shared among multiple users.
8.3.11.c Examine system configuration settings and/or observe physical controls, as applicable, to verify that controls are implemented to ensure only the intended user can use that factor to gain access.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
If multiple users can use authentication factors such as tokens, smart cards, and certificates, it may be impossible to identify the individual using the authentication mechanism.
**Good Practice**
Having physical and/or logical controls (for example, a PIN, biometric data, or a password) to uniquely authenticate the user of the account will prevent unauthorized users from gaining access to the user account through use of a shared authentication factor.