### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.4.1 MFA is implemented for all non-console access into the CDE for personnel with administrative access.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Administrative access to the CDE cannot be obtained by the use of a single authentication factor.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
The requirement for MFA for non-console administrative access applies to all personnel with elevated or increased privileges accessing the CDE via a non-console connection—that is, via logical access occurring over a network interface rather than via a direct, physical connection.
MFA is considered a best practice for non-console administrative access to in-scope system components that are not part of the CDE.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.4.1.a Examine network and/or system configurations to verify MFA is required for all non-console into the CDE for personnel with administrative access.
8.4.1.b Observe administrator personnel logging into the CDE and verify that MFA is required.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Requiring more than one type of authentication factor reduces the probability that an attacker can gain access to a system by masquerading as a legitimate user, because the attacker would need to compromise multiple authentication factors. This is especially true in environments where traditionally the single authentication factor employed was something a user knows such as a password or passphrase.
**Definitions**
Using one factor twice (for example, using two separate passwords) is not considered multi-factor authentication.