### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.4.3 MFA is implemented for all remote network access originating from outside the entity’s network that could access or impact the CDE as follows:
- All remote access by all personnel, both users and administrators, originating from outside the entity’s network.
- All remote access by third parties and vendors.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Remote access to the entity’s network cannot be obtained by using a single authentication factor.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
The requirement for MFA for remote access originating from outside the entity’s network applies to all user accounts that can access the network remotely, where that remote access leads to or could lead to access into the CDE.
If remote access is to a part of the entity’s network that is properly segmented from the CDE, such that remote users cannot access or impact the CDE, MFA for remote access to that part of the network is not required. However, MFA is required for any remote access to networks with access to the CDE and is recommended for all remote access to the entity’s networks.
The MFA requirements apply for all types of system components, including cloud, hosted systems, and on-premises applications, network security devices, workstations, servers, and endpoints, and includes access directly to an entity’s networks or systems as well as web-based access to an application or function.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.4.3.a Examine network and/or system configurations for remote access servers and systems to verify MFA is required in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
8.4.3.b Observe personnel (for example, users and administrators) connecting remotely to the network and verify that multi-factor authentication is required.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Requiring more than one type of authentication factor reduces the probability that an attacker can gain access to a system by masquerading as a legitimate user, because the attacker would need to compromise multiple authentication factors. This is especially true in environments where traditionally the single authentication factor employed was something a user knows, such as a password or passphrase.
**Definitions**
Multi-factor authentication (MFA) requires an individual to present a minimum of two of the three authentication factors specified in Requirement 8.3.1 before access is granted. Using one factor twice (for example, using two separate passwords) is not considered multi-factor authentication.