### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.6.1 If accounts used by systems or applications can be used for interactive login, they are managed as follows:
- Interactive use is prevented unless needed for an exceptional circumstance.
- Interactive use is limited to the time needed for the exceptional circumstance.
- Business justification for interactive use is documented.
- Interactive use is explicitly approved by management.
- Individual user identity is confirmed before access to account is granted.
- Every action taken is attributable to an individual user.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
When used interactively, all actions with accounts designated as system or application accounts are authorized and attributable to an individual person.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.6.1 Examine application and system accounts that can be used interactively and interview administrative personnel to verify that application and system accounts are managed in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Like individual user accounts, system and application accounts require accountability and strict management to ensure they are used only for the intended purpose and are not misused.
Attackers often compromise system or application accounts to gain access to cardholder data.
**Good Practice**
Where possible, configure system and application accounts to disallow interactive login to prevent unauthorized individuals from logging in and using the account with its associated system privileges, and to limit the machines and devices on which the account can be used.
**Definitions**
System or application accounts are those accounts that execute processes or perform tasks on a computer system or application and are not typically accounts that an individual logs into. These accounts usually have elevated privileges that are required to perform specialized tasks or functions.
Interactive login is the ability for a person to log into a system or application account in the same manner as a normal user account. Using system and application accounts this way means there is no accountability and traceability of actions taken by the user.