### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
8.6.3 Passwords/passphrases for any application and system accounts are protected against misuse as follows:
- Passwords/passphrases are changed periodically (at the frequency defined in the entity’s targeted risk analysis, which is performed according to all elements specified in Requirement 12.3.1) and upon suspicion or confirmation of compromise.
- Passwords/passphrases are constructed with sufficient complexity appropriate for how frequently the entity changes the passwords/passphrases.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Passwords/passphrases used by application and system accounts cannot be used indefinitely and are structured to resist brute-force and guessing attacks.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
8.6.3.a Examine policies and procedures to verify that procedures are defined to protect passwords/passphrases for application or system accounts against misuse in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
8.6.3.b Examine the entity’s targeted risk analysis for the change frequency and complexity for passwords/passphrases used for interactive login to application and system accounts to verify the risk analysis was performed in accordance with all elements specified in Requirement 12.3.1 and addresses:
- The frequency defined for periodic changes to application and system passwords/passphrases.
- The complexity defined for passwords/passphrases and appropriateness of the complexity relative to the frequency of changes.
8.6.3.c Interview responsible personnel and examine system configuration settings to verify that passwords/passphrases for any application and system accounts that can be used for interactive login are protected against misuse in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Systems and application accounts pose more inherent security risk than user accounts because they often run in an elevated security context, with access to systems that may not be typically granted to user accounts, such as programmatic access to databases, etc. As a result, special consideration must be made to protect passwords/passphrases used for application and system accounts.
**Good Practice**
Entities should consider the following risk factors when determining how to protect application and system passwords/passphrases against misuse:
- How securely the passwords/passphrases are stored (for example, whether they are stored in a password vault).
- Staff turnover.
- The number of people with access to the authentication factor.
- Whether the account can be used for interactive login.
- Whether the security posture of accounts is dynamically analyzed, and real-time access to resources is automatically determined accordingly (see Requirement 8.3.9).
All these elements affect the level of risk for application and system accounts and might impact the security of systems accessed by the system and application accounts.
Entities should correlate their selected change frequency for application and system passwords/passwords with their selected complexity for those passwords/passphrases – i.e., the complexity should be more rigorous when passwords/passphrases are changed infrequently and can be less rigorous when changed more frequently. For example, a longer change frequency is more justifiable when passwords/passphrases complexity is set to 36 alphanumeric characters with upper- and lower-case letters, numbers, and special characters.
Best practices are to consider password changes at least once a year, a password/passphrase length of at least 15 characters, and complexity for the passwords/passphrase of alphanumeric characters, with upper- and lower-case letters, and special characters.
**Further Information**
For information about variability and equivalency of password strength for passwords/passphrases of different formats, see the industry standards (for example, the current version of NIST SP 800-63 Digital Identity Guidelines).