### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
9.2.1.1 Individual physical access to sensitive areas within the CDE is monitored with either video cameras or physical access control mechanisms (or both) as follows:
- Entry and exit points to/from sensitive areas within the CDE are monitored.
- Monitoring devices or mechanisms are protected from tampering or disabling.
- Collected data is reviewed and correlated with other entries.
- Collected data is stored for at least three months, unless otherwise restricted by law.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Trusted, verifiable records are maintained of individual physical entry to, and exit from, sensitive areas.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
9.2.1.1.a Observe locations where individual physical access to sensitive areas within the CDE occurs to verify that either video cameras or physical access control mechanisms (or both) are in place to monitor the entry and exit points.
9.2.1.1.b Observe locations where individual physical access to sensitive areas within the CDE occurs to verify that either video cameras or physical access control mechanisms (or both) are protected from tampering or disabling.
9.2.1.1.c Observe the physical access control mechanisms and/or examine video cameras and interview responsible personnel to verify that:
- Collected data from video cameras and/or physical access control mechanisms is reviewed and correlated with other entries.
- Collected data is stored for at least three months.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Maintaining details of individuals entering and exiting the sensitive areas can help with investigations of physical breaches by identifying individuals that physically accessed the sensitive areas, as well as when they entered and exited.
**Good Practice**
Whichever mechanism meets this requirement, it should effectively monitor all entry and exit points to sensitive areas.
Criminals attempting to gain physical access to sensitive areas will often try to disable or bypass the monitoring controls. To protect these controls from tampering, video cameras could be positioned so they are out of reach and/or be monitored to detect tampering. Similarly, physical access control mechanisms could be monitored or have physical protections installed to prevent them from being damaged or disabled by malicious individuals.