### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
9.3.4 A visitor log is used to maintain a physical record of visitor activity within the facility and within sensitive areas, including:
- The visitor’s name and the organization represented.
- The date and time of the visit.
- The name of the personnel authorizing physical access.
- Retaining the log for at least three months, unless otherwise restricted by law.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Records of visitor access that enable the identification of individuals are maintained.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
9.3.4.a Examine the visitor log and interview responsible personnel to verify that a visitor log is used to record physical access to the facility and sensitive areas.
9.3.4.b Examine the visitor log and verify that the log contains:
- The visitor’s name and the organization represented.
- The personnel authorizing physical access.
- Date and time of visit.
9.3.4.c Examine visitor log storage locations and interview responsible personnel to verify that the log is retained for at least three months, unless otherwise restricted by law.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
A visitor log documenting minimum information about the visitor is easy and inexpensive to maintain. It will assist in identifying historical physical access to a building or room and potential access to cardholder data.
**Good Practice**
When logging the date and time of visit, including both in and out times is considered a best practice, since it provides helpful tracking information and provides assurance that a visitor has left at the end of the day. It is also good to verify that a visitor’s ID (driver’s license, etc.) matches the name they put on the visitor log.