### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
9.4.6 Hard-copy materials with cardholder data are destroyed when no longer needed for business or legal reasons, as follows:
- Materials are cross-cut shredded, incinerated, or pulped so that cardholder data cannot be reconstructed.
- Materials are stored in secure storage containers prior to destruction.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Cardholder data cannot be recovered from media that has been destroyed or which is pending destruction.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
These requirements for media destruction when that media is no longer needed for business or legal reasons are separate and distinct from PCI DSS Requirement 3.2.1, which is for securely deleting cardholder data when no longer needed per the entity’s cardholder data retention policies.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
9.4.6.a Examine the periodic media destruction policy to verify that procedures are defined to destroy hard-copy media with cardholder data when no longer needed for business or legal reasons in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.
9.4.6.b Observe processes and interview personnel to verify that hard-copy materials are cross-cut shredded, incinerated, or pulped such that cardholder data cannot be reconstructed.
9.4.6.c Observe storage containers used for materials that contain information to be destroyed to verify that the containers are secure.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
If steps are not taken to destroy information contained on hard-copy media before disposal, malicious individuals may retrieve information from the disposed media, leading to a data compromise. For example, malicious individuals may use a technique known as “dumpster diving,” where they search through trashcans and recycle bins looking for hard-copy materials with information they can use to launch an attack.
Securing storage containers used for materials that are going to be destroyed prevents sensitive information from being captured while the materials are being collected.
**Good Practice**
Consider “to-be-shredded” containers with a lock that prevents access to its contents or that physically prevent access to the inside of the container.
**Further Information**
See NIST Special Publication 800-88, Revision 1: Guidelines for Media Sanitization.