### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
9.5.1.1 An up-to-date list of POI devices is maintained, including:
- Make and model of the device.
- Location of device.
- Device serial number or other methods of unique identification.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The identity and location of POI devices is recorded and known at all times.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes



-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
9.5.1.1.a Examine the list of POI devices to verify it includes all elements specified in this requirement.
9.5.1.1.b Observe POI devices and device locations and compare to devices in the list to verify that the list is accurate and up to date.
9.5.1.1.c Interview personnel to verify the list of POI devices is updated when devices are added, relocated, decommissioned, etc.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Keeping an up-to-date list of POI devices helps an organization track where devices are supposed to be and quickly identify if a device is missing or lost.
**Good Practice**
The method for maintaining a list of devices may be automated (for example, a device-management system) or manual (for example, documented in electronic or paper records). For on-the-road devices, the location may include the name of the personnel to whom the device is assigned.
**Examples**
Methods to maintain device locations include identifying the address of the site or facility where the device is located.