### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
9.5.1 POI devices that capture payment card data via direct physical interaction with the payment card form factor are protected from tampering and unauthorized substitution, including the following:
- Maintaining a list of POI devices.
- Periodically inspecting POI devices to look for tampering or unauthorized substitution.
- Training personnel to be aware of suspicious behavior and to report tampering or unauthorized substitution of devices.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
The entity has defined procedures to protect and manage point of interaction devices. Expectations, controls, and oversight for the management and protection of POI devices are defined and adhered to by affected personnel.

-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
These requirements apply to deployed POI devices used in card-present transactions (that is, a payment card form factor such as a card that is swiped, tapped, or dipped). This requirement is not intended to apply to manual PAN key-entry components such as computer keyboards.
This requirement is recommended, but not required, for manual PAN key-entry components such as computer keyboards.
This requirement does not apply to commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) devices (for example, smartphones or tablets), which are mobile merchant-owned devices designed for mass-market distribution.

-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
9.5.1 Examine documented policies and procedures to verify that processes are defined that include all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Criminals attempt to steal payment card data by stealing and/or manipulating card-reading devices and terminals. Criminals will try to steal devices so they can learn how to break into them, and they often try to replace legitimate devices with fraudulent devices that send them payment card data every time a card is entered.
They will also try to add “skimming” components to the outside of devices, which are designed to capture payment card data before it enters the device—for example, by attaching an additional card reader on top of the legitimate card reader so that the payment card data is captured twice: once by the criminal’s component and then by the device’s legitimate component. In this way, transactions may still be completed without interruption while the criminal is “skimming” the payment card data during the process.
**Further Information**
Additional best practices on skimming prevention are available on the PCI SSC website.