### Requirements and Testing Procedures

#### Defined Approach Requirements
A1.2.3 Processes or mechanisms are implemented for reporting and addressing suspected or confirmed security incidents and vulnerabilities, including:
- Customers can securely report security incidents and vulnerabilities to the provider.
- The provider addresses and remediates suspected or confirmed security incidents and vulnerabilities according to Requirement 6.3.1.

-END Defined Approach Requirements- 
#### Customized Approach Objective
Suspected or confirmed security incidents or vulnerabilities are discovered and addressed. Customers are informed where appropriate.
-END Customized Approach Objective- 
#### Applicability Notes
This requirement is a best practice until 31 March 2025, after which it will be required and must be fully considered during a PCI DSS assessment.


-END Applicability Notes- 
#### Defined Approach Testing Procedures
A1.2.3 Examine documented procedures and interview personnel to verify that the provider has a mechanism for reporting and addressing suspected or confirmed security incidents and vulnerabilities, in accordance with all elements specified in this requirement.

-END Defined Approach Testing Procedures- 
#### Guidance
**Purpose**
Security vulnerabilities in the provided services can impact the security of all the service provider’s customers and therefore must be managed in accordance with the service provider’s established processes, with priority given to resolving vulnerabilities that have the highest probability of compromise.
Customers are likely to notice vulnerabilities and security misconfigurations while using the service.
Implementing secure methods for customers to report security incidents and vulnerabilities encourages customers to report potential issues and enable the provider to quickly learn about and address potential issues within their environment.